Good
morning. We're back
live.
Hi. The goal is to get heck of a lot of
stuff done today.
Um, a lot of experiment analysis, a
little bit of work done towards the
release. We're just going to see if I
get bored at any point. I'm just going
to stop working on release stuff and
start working on other environment
things this Saturday
and I want to do at least some bits of
uh cool stuff
today. But the experiment analysis will
be a little bit interesting to start. So
let me switch this over
here. Let me grab the uh the chat.
camera. So, we have a couple of sweeps
from overnight here. We've got Pac-Man.
We've also got snake. These both seem to
have performed quite adequately.
One day somebody will make a console
logging platform that actually
works. Um, but today is not that day.
time. There is one standout result
here. I'm actually kind of
curious like does this have uh some
weird hyperparame is it just a lucky
on. I'm not seeing any um any standout
hypers.
Oh well, it is interesting that it has a
reasonable value function clip
coefficient. It's kind of good news for
us.
This is Gab's new uh Pac-Man
environment. So, as a a little thank you
for him having submitted this thing and
cleaned it up in a quite a nice time
frame.
Um, I uh decided to have one of the
sweeps from last night just be on that
end. He said he was having a little
trouble getting policies working as well
as he wanted them
to. I figured I would just go ahead and
automate a bit of that for him.
eight. And I really should have a way of
automatically copying
these parameters over,
So, what I've been doing lately on
um on these sweeps here, right, is I've
been first of all making sure that the
best runs that we get actually repro.
That's
important. Uh but then I've been kind of
just filling all of these hyper prams
into a big spreadsheet.
which you know obviously I could
automate this in smarter ways there's
all sorts of things I can do with the
analysis
uh but just as an initial thing having a
sheet that has all the best runs in it
uh and the point of that is just to see
the hyperparam optimals are like
dramatically different or if I see any
trends and if I see any trends maybe
it's worth doing something more
sophisticated
this. What do we think? H no CUDA
GPUs. Wish that that would not happen.
some reason the CUDA GPUs just
disconnect every so
often
randomly. No good reason for
We got 167
here. I think that the 180 or whatever
was just
lucky. This can happen. Is that an OBS
notification? We're still good,
right? Good.
Okay. So, like all these guys are
chilling at like 160s or whatever. And
then
um you got this guy
here that does
this. Let's actually let's set this to
160 just so we can
like really see it. Okay. Okay, so we
have all these runs and then this repro
here, excuse me. Okay, so this repro
here, it does as well as the best run
here except for this. So there is a
little bit of seed noise where like
somehow there's a lucky game or
whatever. Uh but the repro run is still
about as good as it gets. It's not like
this was like looked lucky and then it
crashed a bunch. This is still very
good.
All right, let's see what we're doing
here. Shouldn't have eaten that dot, I
don't
think. Hello,
Landon. Puffer Lib is uh our toolkit of
reinforcement learning environments,
algorithms,
implementations, uh all of our research.
It's really just a comprehensive effort
to make reinforcement learning fast and
simple. You can find a bunch of our
demos at puffer.ai. We have a lot of the
games like this that you can just play
and uh you can see some of our trained
agents playing them in your browser. So,
at the moment, I'm working on our next
release. Uh it's a really pretty big
release and it makes everything at least
a few times better than it ever was
before.
This looks like a a reasonable enough
policy,
though. It hasn't learned to uh like not
eat the dots for a while. Like that's
kind of hard for it. It kind of just
knows to
uh Did it just know there that whatever
the pink one's name is was going to run
away?
I mean, this is better than me. At least
this is better at the game than I am.
So, it must have got frame perfected
right
there. Like the ghost must have
just come out of V.
vulnerable? How feasible do you think it
would be to make some kind of model
scratch? I don't work on LM. I
technically have a little bit. I worked
on language modeling before LLMs
existed. Um, it depends on your level of
experience, you know, if you have a good
programming
background, some knowledge in computer.
I mean, if you're like, you'd have to
basically be already be a decent
programmer. Like, the thing that's going
to be difficult if you're trying to make
a model from scratch is LMS just take a
ton of compute to train. is really
obnoxious. If you want to look at
something that's like really well done
in this area though, I would suggest you
look at like
Carpathy's GPT2 implementation where he
basically did that, right? Uh he went
and
like just implemented GPT2 from scratch
and like C and CUDA and uh it was a
really cool project.
Now, Car Pathy is pretty awesome, so
that's a high bar, but
yeah. I mean, that project is pretty
well exactly
that. The compute stuff is just
annoying. like I think his original
version used um like 8H 800s or
something or 88 800s I don't know um for
GPT2 so way smaller model and then
eventually like people got it down to
train like really really really fast but
you're never going to get it training
really fast on your first go like it's
going to always start off being more
expensive as
see. Yeah, this is done correctly. Good
job, Gabe. This is reasonable.
something that can kind of respond to
what I type. It doesn't have to be. But
I The thing is
this like the bar of oh, it doesn't have
to be a genius or anything.
Um, like I worked in I worked at least
for like a year or two in language
modeling when we were happy if we could
get it to not be a genius to to be even
like remotely
coherent.
Um, so
like you're actually going to have to
train something substantially large like
GP2 GPT2 is like
kind of coherentish at
best. It's not that most other fields of
computer science are cooked
either. It's that the salaries in um AI
specifically have gone to seven figures
while most of the other ones have kind
of stayed roughly where they are.
But it's not like there's a super low
barrier to entry either. It's not like
you just do one like I mean have you
read research papers right? Have you
done like deep learning basics? I mean
there are like some
pretty they're like very accessible
these days to be fair but they still
exist.
um like generally people doing uh trying
to get into deep learning I have the
guide on my website that's specifically
for RL but like you want to at least
have done something like Stanford CS231N
it's not a hard class at least it's not
meant to be but you do need to know some
fundamentals
um you probably want some experience
training the models of different types
implementing a few things from scratch
so good on you that you did it that way
you're trying to do that um not just
like using stuff off the
shelf. Generally in AI like you're kind
of expected to be reading at least some
number of research
papers in the area that you're
interested
in. Hi
Spencer. Yeah, I trained uh I trained up
a decent model for Gabe here. Not
perfect yet. Oops. Where'd my files
go? We obviously have to make the power
pellet stars as
We can leave the little ones as is. I
think the big ones got to be
man. I can do some terraform. I'm just
checking some of the experiments
first cuz like we've run a whole bunch
of stuff here. I'm kind of trying to get
all our hypers together. Let me show you
what I've been working on
here. Also, I don't know if that AWS
request has even gone through
yet. So, I'm kind of just sticking hyper
prams for all the best runs in here.
Um, and I want to see if there's like if
there are any obvious
trends cuz so far all the runs they
reproduce very
well, but like I don't know if there any
they're going to be any trends. I also
there is technically a way that we could
run a sweep um over like trying to
explicitly discover one set of hyper
prams for everything. That would be
pretty cool.
like there's still a couple hypers that
make it a little
Landon, I would suggest just like pretty
much just hard
muting like all of the doomsayers on
social media and stuff. um they're not
going to do you any favors and like
frankly a lot of the CEOs at these
companies they're just lying to like
stir up hype and raise funds. Like the
honestly the best thing you can do for
yourself professionally and also just
for your general enjoyment of stuff is
to just like ignore that crap. learn
about AI for sure, but ignore like the
hype crap and just like focus on
developing, you know, developing your
skills at something that you enjoy and
something that you can be proud of.
That's pretty much
it. You will be infinitely happier and
also likely much more successful.
Like nobody's even honestly like
nobody's even thought about this for
like two freaking seconds, right? For it
to even make sense. Okay, so is AI going
to automate all software? Okay, let's
think about what that means. So well, if
you write like if you write good domain
specific software in pretty much any
industry, uh you can solve like very
longstanding problems. I mean, literally
anybody who's capable, right, a capable
programmer who like actually knows some
tech can really really transform a ton
of industries just via software. So like
that's not just going to be software
being replaced. That's kind of like most
of the entire economy being
replaced. Okay. So
like you can't just like the magnitude
of the change is either going to be it
takes a while or
like well everything is completely
changed. It's not going to just be like
oh do this AI do like
it's you kind of got to think about like
if you take the things that they say to
their logical conclusion what does that
happen? Oh okay that makes no sense.
I'm not explaining that correctly
because it's like 8 a.m. on a Saturday.
But if I remove expert trajectories with
collisions will improve score. Uh that's
a reasonable thing to do.
Spencer, I actually you're probably at
the point where you can just start
asking questions to the NYU folks just
so that you get whatever it is that
that's going to be useful for them
because like these aren't even details
that are super important for whatever
we're going to do with the sim at this
point, right?
Yeah. So, honestly to you, I would just
suggest like, you
know, build stuff that you find
interesting and that you enjoy. Um, if
AI is interesting to you and you want to
learn about, go that way. There's so
much stuff that can be done.
And like at least at the time being as
somebody who's been programming for a
long time and somebody who builds a lot
of you know a lot of software in this
area like the current language models
are terrible programmers.
Um now I mean that said like could argue
that like I would apply the same thing
to like 90% of fang engineers and
they're like making good money. So if
you're just trying to get a job then
like okay maybe Maybe there's something
there. But like, have you noticed it's
not like Fang has stopped hiring
software engineers. Not like all the big
companies are like no longer hiring
engineers. What does that tell
you? Hey,
Quicksautique. We're taking a look at
some um experiments from last
night and seeing if we see any cool
trends.
runs. Cycle learning rate is like in the
range we
expect. Gamas are very very high which
is kind of
surprising. You wouldn't expect gamma to
be that high and then there's really low
lambda.
resampling my speed compute knobs. Yeah,
but the thing is like so Spencer with
the speed on that like what we're going
to do is we're like we match their
result and we say hey you guys mind if
we mess with the obs a bit if we uh if
we keep PF the
same they're going to say go for it.
You're going to cut out 90% of the crap
that's in the obs and then it's going to
go 2 million SPS, right?
Why do think hard way if easy way just
as
good? Okay, so snake actually benefits
from some entropy it seems.
Cool. I guess it is one of the ends
where you would kind of expect that.
I
mean, the bar for CS jobs has frankly
just been way too low in the past.
Like, and let let me put it in a way
that I think you'll find more
encouraging. Um, working with bad
programmers is a absolutely miserable
experience. All right? Like I've had to
work on teams where like, you know, you
have 10 engineers and they all suck. It
is the most horrendous, depressing thing
imaginable, right? Like you can get paid
well to like go do 30 hours of work a
week, but it's like holy hell. It is the
most soul sucking depressing [ __ ]
imaginable. Like oh my god. because it's
like you're working on a job on a
computer all day where you're like
fiddling with complicated things, right?
And like hooking things together and
basically it's the equivalent of like if
you're building a house and people are
just like nailing [ __ ] everywhere and
you're trying to like make the thing
like not fall apart. It is horrible.
Now, CS with a good team, with people
who are building cool stuff is one of
the most enjoyable and awesome things
out there cuz there's literally no other
field where you can build stuff that is
this transformative just from your
laptop without having to have huge
amounts of equipment, without having to
have a capital investment. Like, you can
do all sorts of cool stuff and in a ton
of different areas, right? You can like
go build stuff to transform basically
any industry you can imagine just with
that one skill set. Um, so like really,
yeah, the bar is higher. Just get good.
Like if you care about this stuff, just
get good. Put in the effort, right?
You'll have more. Like, first of all,
you'll do better professionally
regardless, and you'll enjoy it a heck
of a lot more, too.
You're not going to be able to obsolete
people in the next few years like this
without a like a dramatic restructuring
of stuff. So here's the thing like look
can you technically in the next few
years will you technically be able to
like ask a language model details about
laws right and get a better response
than you would get from a lawyer? Yeah,
probably.
Um, are courts going to be letting you
just have GPT defend you in court? No.
Uh, is GPT a person that's going to
actually be able like to like an
attorney to deliver a defense? No. Like,
is it going to be able to actually
interact with professional systems like
with like the in the existing way where
there has to be a person? No. And like
like even if the technological changes
there like the infrastructure and the
setup is not going to be so quick for a
lot of stuff. Um, which is frustrating
actually. It's frustrating when you
build tech when you build something that
is better and it doesn't work better.
Now, to be fair, is it going to be
better than a good lawyer? No. No, it's
not. Um, so that's kind of a important
distinction.
Um, yeah, I I think it's like I wouldn't
worry too much about like planning for
what is AI going to replace and this and
that. Just like trying to like give a
damn and get good at stuff is going to
put you ahead of people who don't try
and don't, right? That's
it.
Like that's kind of like regardless of
what happens. Like no, you're going to
do better off than the guy who doesn't
give a damn and doesn't try.
Right now, the the key thing, right, and
this is the thing that's very difficult
unless you're one of those rare people
who can basically like choose to do a
thing and then just do it and like focus
on it regardless of whether you're
interested. I can't do that at all. Uh
the key thing is actually picking
something where you're able to get a
good chunk of your like focus and
attention out of it for prolonged
periods of time, right? Which is usually
you have to find something that is
consistently interesting to
you. Yeah. But if you defend yourself in
court and just are reading off a GPT or
whatever, you have to like there's a
jury sitting there, right, that's
watching you do
that. Like it doesn't work like whoever
says the more like there there's an
interaction there,
right? How can a lawyer be? Because it's
not just knowing the law. That's not
what it is, right? That's like an
encyclopedia. There's argument, there is
interpretation, there's combination of
that. Like there's a lot of things
there. It's not just like I mean that's
not how that's like saying like, hey,
how can uh how could a programmer
possibly be better than GPT that has
access to every API ever? Well, I have
access to every API ever just with a
Google search,
right? That's not what it's about.
Oh, that's a crazy clip coefficient.
That's kind of
interesting. 75 clip with snake. Yeah.
Okay, buddy.
All
right, let's go see our 75 clip snake
run.
Jesus. It's a good thing that I
increased the uh the range of that param
cuz apparently it
I don't know.
I would just generally suggest ignoring
the like there's basically nothing good
that comes out of listening to the like
oh AI replacing you all whatever is on
on the internet especially like Daario
and Altman. I do not trust them for
[ __ ] I
don't. It's actually, you know,
like, and it sucks as well because when
I was at OpenAI in 2019, Ultman actually
had a really, really good vision
for where he wanted to take Open AI. He
basically said like, "We want to be able
to take a ton of different concentrated
bets in different areas, right? Like a
ton of different concentrated bets just
in all sorts of different areas of AI
and see where they go." And that would
be fantastic. But then what happened is
that GPT happened and then they canned
all the other teams and they put all the
resources into LLMs and they didn't even
keep like you know any amount of stuff
on different areas of AI and now it's
all marketing and it's just like it's a
mess. It's a whole real
mess. So
like didn't follow through on on that at
all.
money can. Yeah, it
is. But the thing is like I don't
begrudge people the money, right? I
never begrudge people the money. Um it's
just like don't entirely lose focus,
right? Okay, LM are great, right? LM are
doing a ton of stuff, but
like it's not that, oh, I see people
making money in LM and that's bad or
like LM are blowing up. Like that's all
good. The point where it drives me nuts
is that
like so you know how many people I know
in reinforcement learning, like really
good smart people who are still in
reinforcement
learning, like pure RL with no LLM
stuff, zero.
All my buddies, all my buddies who are
brilliant in pure RL have gone to work
at least in some capacity on
LLMs. That's sad. And the reason that's
sad is because what happens if the LLM
people are wrong, right? What if they
don't solve everything? Then we're
[ __ ] because all that knowledge has
just gone out the window. You know, it's
not like you can't just read papers and
get back the domain knowledge that the
experts actually have. It takes years to
rediscover these types of things, right?
So, that's actually damaged science a
ton. really more than anything else you
see in the news lately is draining all
of the resources from every other field
to go into this one very specific sub
field and have everybody building bigger
and bigger models and like filtering
data and whatever the hell else they're
doing with like a thousand people
instead of with
500. So that's that is where I get
annoyed with uh what's happening with
LMS at the moment. Now, to be fair, I
think RL's going to be just fine. Um,
because I, for whatever reason, have
decided to spend the rest of my 20s like
trying to actually make it work and I'm
having some good success here. So, I'm
going to make sure that RL is good, but
what about all the other sub fields,
right? There were people doing cool AIE
stuff. There were people doing like
hybrid systems. There were so many other
cool things that people are doing that
they just stopped
on. Yeah. closed source max profit
is you want you'd ideally you want these
research labs to at least have some open
source and like some mix of incentives
right like to their credit right the
thing that they said is right like
they're not going to get to where they
want to be without raising a ton of
money
but like that doesn't mean you have to
go 100% down that route
to the detriment of the rest of the
field at
least. Like what happened to the Dota
team, right? Like the Dota guys, I think
they just went on to codegen and stuff
like man that you know how much damage
that did to RL alone losing like the
Dota team. That would have like we would
have a different field right now if they
kept on that stuff. Um there were so
many so many good things and I know
because I was around those people and
they were brilliant.
And now here I am. You know, it took me
I had to do a PhD. So it took me five
years to like actually get through the
rigma role of that. Uh I made some
discoveries over the process but heavily
heavily constrained by academia and the
way that academia expects you to do your
work. And now one year, it's literally
been one year since I've graduated. RS
is a different field. And you know
that's a little bit aggressive to say
when I'm kind of promoting my own stuff
here, but literally just like take a
look at our tools today. use our tools
for RL now compared to anything else
that existed one year ago. It is a
different field from one year of
work. Like this stuff can be done and
it's like it could have been done but it
could have been done a long time ago,
right? This could have been done a long
time
right. Google's I've heard cool things.
Haven't read it yet.
I mean, the thing is like at this point
there's like very little that I could
read outside of what I'm doing at the
moment unless it directly says that the
thing I'm doing won't work. There's like
very little that would like convince me
to like look at other stuff at the
moment because I see like where this is
going right
now. Drainage of young people. Well,
they're being drained into into all AI.
Yeah.
I don't know, man. There's a bunch of
just jank
stuff. The whole like, oh, let's just
use GPA to code for us thing is
horrid. The fact that they're actually
CEOs dumb enough to think that like, oh
yeah, the most important thing is all
our programmers are using AI constantly.
Like, holy hell.
Like most of the time, at least like 80%
of the time, I'd say I uh I kind of use
like I'll use Grock or whatever as like
fancy API docs for like looking up niche
stuff. I'm never using it to like just
oh yeah, just write all the code.
I literally I had the other
day I went off on one of our
contributors for costing me six hours by
uh to be fair I shouldn't have merged
it. Like I didn't I missed it though. He
like used GPT or Gemini or whatever uh
to submit a patch to critical
infrastructure he didn't understand and
literally cost me six hours with one of
the worst bugs I've had to deal with in
months.
um
just don't you
know and it almost doesn't matter like
how good the AI gets is the thing like
there's never a time when that's going
to
be like there's kind of never a time in
my s in like my eyes where it makes
sense to have like the human like like
person writing prompts in equals
programmer because then it's like you
either just use the lang language model
as the programmer completely which ain't
happening anytime soon. Uh or you don't
do that and you actually maintain
control over what you're writing and
like you understand how the thing that
you're working on actually should
work more efficient algorithm. Yeah. So
that was
interesting. But this is far from what
we were promised, right? This is far
from like the recursively self-improving
systems that just get better and better
and better.
Um, which is odd because like I can do
that, right? Like I can recursively
self-improve. I've done it with Puffer,
right? I've literally if you look at
where it was in like if you look at
where RL was a year ago and you look at
it now and basically the prompt behind
puffer was like hey fix everything wrong
with reinforcement learning informed by
you know your own understanding of the
current literature the current research
and the current state of the field. If
you want to like think of the prompt
that would be it.
So, you know,
if if uh you're going to say that like,
okay, these language models have PhD
level intelligence. Well, I'm a PhD.
That's my qualification for doing this.
Um I don't see language models doing
anything remotely like this, right?
They're not even like, you can't even
give them like, hey, you know, go pick a
problem, like pick a thing that needs
like some better tools and make those
tools. You can't even get them to do
like a midsize project that I could have
any more junior dev do who's had like a
couple years of dev
experience. So, I don't
know. That's not to say these things
aren't impressive. They wildly are very
impressive. And I should be clear with
that when I uh when I'm bashing these
things. The thing that I'm critical of
is the drainage of all talent to work on
these. And also how much the CEOs in
these areas just they lie about freaking
everything, you know?
issue. AI discovered something new.
Well, that's not definitely not true,
right? That's definitely not the case.
We've had AIS discover things all the
time that are new.
Um, I mean the thing is like most new
things
are I mean they're just logical
inferences off of previous things many
of the times unless every so often
there's like a completely out there
thing.
Um, but that stuff's definitely happened
before. I don't think it's I wouldn't
look at it as like a step
change as much as just like an
impressive result.
the like, oh, it's a step change thing
is usually, at least when there's money
behind it, there's usually like, hey,
um, somebody's trying to sell you
something. Now, I say that while kind of
claiming the same thing about Puffer,
like I will say that Puffer 3 is a step
change over, uh, previous like RL stuff.
Um, but that's really because like from
a perspective of somebody who's been
doing RL research for a long time, like
it just feels more stable is the thing.
It feels like a qualitative
change. Whereas I don't think like
something discovering one thing is a
step like that's not like a qu like a
step change. It would have to be
something really crazy, right?
Like, yeah, if it goes and resolves P
equals NP or something, then yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Right. But like, it made its own
training 1% more efficient. It's really
cool. It's a like it's a nice
advancement. It's not like a step
change, I wouldn't say.
But the thing is you're you're limiting
to just LMS. Like RL's been doing this
for a while, right? There was like the
uh the was it move 37 or whatever in Go.
Um they like there's new strategies that
the thing has discovered and like Dota
like and those are like really small
models as well. Um heck the Dota ones
didn't even have search in them and they
changed like they discovered stuff that
like pro players hadn't seen before as
well. Um there's similar stuff in Alpha
Star. AI has been like it's kind of
always been able to discover new
stuff. Now like language models
specifically, language models
specifically, it's very hard to prove is
the problem because like you don't
actually know what's in the training
data.
There's definitely been
quirky like clever stuff where I
couldn't find a reference for it. I
think one of the the funniest things I
saw was
um there was a thing that I came out of
GPT. I think it was like three or 3.5. I
couldn't find a source for it anywhere,
but that doesn't mean it wasn't in the
training data.
There was like some quip from it that's
like, "What's a bastard sword?" Well,
it's not my father's sword and I didn't
make it. And he didn't make it
himself, which I like that was the first
thing I looked at and went like, I
actually come up with
that. I don't know. But you can't prove
that type of stuff unfortunately. Now,
like scientific breakthroughs,
um, yeah, comedian chief, that's funny.
Now, like scientific breakthroughs, the
thing is
like that's not really that's like they
made an optimization to a kernel. Like
there's one optimization to a kernel.
Um, the reason that that sounds
impressive is because kernels are like
this, oh, like this fantastic weird
thing that only the elite elite
programmers know. Kernels are freaking
simple. Here, let me show you a
Here, this is all a kernel
is.
Uh, all right. It's just a piece of C
code that runs on your GPU. That's all
it
is. And it's like run in parallel on
blocks of like on usually embarrassingly
parallel blocks of
data. That's all it is. But all the
thing did is like all right you got like
a matrix mold kernel that has some ops
it makes like some small change that
makes this it a little bit faster while
have doing like the same
thing. Now be fair I think that in their
case it was it made a much larger change
but it was because it was only for a
very specific matrix multiply format.
Um,
yeah, I wouldn't be surprised like
literally nobody's tried to like
optimize that at all
before. Did this thing just only get 97?
Did I just read that
Maybe we shouldn't go for the lucky yolo
run
here. Yeah, that doesn't seem super
stable,
huh?
Wait, something's weird.
Something feels different there. Did I
miss a parameter?
Perhaps I might have missed a a
parameter there. Hang on.
So yeah, this one is definitely unstable
at least as written.
32k mini
batch. I missed something like with veck
or
something. There's ve Oh, 16
m. I don't know how I messed that
up. Try again.
Oh yeah, that's way faster. 3 million
step per second
snake. That's with a That's with a small
combin too, isn't it? It is with a comet
combet at 3
million. That's
good. That's not even on a 5090.
Ah, there we
go. Okay, that was on me. I just had it
reproed
wrong. Oh, we have lots of M that we're
trying to solve. Um, so Gabe made
Pac-Man.
We also have the snake end
which we
look. Multi-agent snake with a ton of
snakes.
Pretty cool if you just kind of watch
this thing,
right? Thing took like two minutes to
train and we actually have
like neuronets playing snake pretty darn
capably.
bought. Yeah, that's way better than
what we have on the website for
sure.
Cool. I'm happy with this result. This
is very clean.
160 days, right?
Yeah.
Hours, 10 steps per second. Yeah, that's
right. And that
passes my quick maths test as well.
Yeah. 140 mil
steps, 36,000 steps per
hour, 24 days. Yeah, that's correct.
These clipping coefficients are very
odd, I will
say. Very, very
Got seven of these M's
though. And I can probably get connect
four if I can make it not Seg fault.
hiking? I don't really ever hike. I'll
run.
I did a heck of a lot of running last
summer at the Stamford
Dish. I don't
know. If I want to relax, I'm going to
walk. If I want to exercise, I'm going
to run. Hiking is kind of a weird in
between.
supported. Yeah, I know. Wolfra does the
the funny
things. Nah, I prefer to
do I don't do my exercise while I'm
coding. It's crazy. That guy is just
nuts. He's very productive, but he's
nuts. I don't know how the hell he does
any of
Why the hell is this?
Four
here. Cellular. That's cool stuff. I
mean, we could pro like honestly there's
a lot of a lifestyle work we could do
and probably just crush with
uh the way we do stuff in
puffer. Okay.
So somehow numb
workers up for connect four. So somehow
numb workers is getting passed as
four. Really shouldn't be here. Upper
connect
four because this auto
This not have numb
workers. Oh, it's got to be
Vec. Okay, so this has numb workers set
to four for some reason.
Am I like I'm trying to figure out if
I'm doing something monumentally
stupid? Not just do I not have it
written like what?
Oh, I do base
This still This still does not run
though.
Is there anything jank in this config
that would
cause I wonder if it's this
agents, but my M does not actually
create that total number of
agents across all
copies. That have a bad downstream.
Well, yes.
Um well, if
you if you create more agents than you
request and you're writing to the
buffer, then you're
overflowing. If you have 1022, then the
odds are just going to be zeros, right?
like you're going to have it's either
going to be zero data or whatever
happened to be in that buffer last
jank. Other M's we can do. We should
launch some more sweeps right now.
Get like puffer grid.
We're going to let this
run. This covers grid and let's do
um that I can't
I do have an invite I want to work on
actually today potentially. There's also
terraform to
do. We could just sweep Terraform
technically, but like it's
not I don't know if it's like close
enough to done deep BB like be worth
doing anything with that on yet. I
definitely like having the grid sweep
up. Um what other M have we not done? I
guess we haven't done the RAWware and
triple like those are easy though. It's
just I there's one annoying thing I have
to deal with for that.
Oh yeah, tower climb. Let me do that for
you real quick. Good
call. Not on the website, so I keep
forgetting website.
param? No maps is
50. Hey, does it take forever to make
maps or something?
annoying. Yeah, dude. That map gen is
super
slow. Are we supposed to use harder maps
or something though? Because
like I mean I just ran defaults and
um get 80% in like seconds.
Doesn't look stable though. I guess I'll
run this for
Good. This is actually No, this is
four. Oh, I I messed that up in the
repro then, didn't
I? I will fix that real quick.
error? Uh cuz min and max are backwards,
man.
That's why
and then this will be the tower climb
sweep. We're getting very close to
having hyper prams for everything.
Still thought I fixed
everything. 0 to one with mean of.5.
man, how am I screwing this up so badly
today? What the
Ah, I
see. Why had I not I have negative
number? What?
confused. I not swept negative rewards
before.
is hang on. I got uh somebody at the at
the
We'll just change this to uniform for
now. I think that that should
What? What are we doing here? Oh, we're
doing stupid things.
starting. If it actually starts uh
starts
running. So then we are
while. Oh yeah, it works.
This takes a while to generate maps.
That's
fine.
Cool. We've got grid and tower climb
running sweeps at the moment.
Okay, so let's think of uh what
environments have we not done yet? We
got tower climb. Obviously, there is
Impulse Wars to deal
with. Neuralarm MMO, those are the hard
ones.
We got Moa, go snake. We got all these
done. E4 even. This has the Segv
vault. Not bad. Look at that. These two
we haven't done yet. They're easy.
They're just one small quirk I have to
fix.
Um and then yeah, we get to start
thinking probably about neural MMO and
uh and such.
It would seem odd that neural MMO is
this much harder
though, wouldn't
I guess we could do like a
short a short local sweep
uh on Terraform.
right. Stuff like target we don't need
to hyper prem sweep it just it trains
instantly. We can start looking at um
the trends here
though. The atom optimizer params are or
the uh the optim params are very weird.
clip. It only did for enduro. It did the
really low VF clip
here. The rest of them are actually
reasonable.
They're pretty different hypers
actually.
I mean, at least like triple triad has
the low gamma you'd
expect and connect four which did run
gives
us really high. Okay, that's weird.
So, I mean, we definitely have way more
stable hyper pram ranges than
before to the point like if you don't
tune your hypers, you can still like get
a lot of stuff to work. But I think it
still makes sense to have pretty tuned
hypers for a lot of
stuff. So I think that's probably the
best way to think about it is like it's
not necessarily that we made hypers way
more robust alone. It's that we kind of
just made everything better. So like the
level of performance we were getting
before with optimized hypers we can now
get with unoptimized hypers. But we can
do way better
still with optimized hypers which is
fine. That's totally
fine. I'm fine shipping like custom
hypers for each if that's not an issue.
if it gives us better
perf. I don't think we should feel bad
about
that. Let's go look at what other M's I
have missed that I just like have
forgotten about in here.
Oh, we kind of got Oh, those are the
two. What about the
3L? Blast star. I didn't tune that
I'm going to just launch a quick sweep
on Terraform.
I'm just going to let this run locally
for uh over
breakfast. And yeah, I'm going to go get
breakfast in a minute here. Uh and I'll
be back in a bit. And
then I think it'll probably make the
most sense to just like either do stuff
on some of the harder M's like look at
Impulse Wars, look at Nurm Mo, maybe
look at uh some Dev on Terraform or
start uh some new new research pretty
well. So I'll go think about what I want
to do next on this. I guess technically
we could also just like if I don't feel
like starting on something, we could
also just like get all the new policies
exported that we have the demos done.
and that's also fine. Anyways, uh I will
be back after breakfast. So, uh and then
I will be live for the whole rest of the
day. Goal is going to be to stream like
an extra seven, eight hours today. So,
um at least. Thanks for tuning in for
the morning session and I will